guys welcome to another interior 12
productions and today you Bregan box
the newly came outs here's three game
Green Day rock band pretty much this is
similar to how the Beatles had that rock
band released this is completely nearly
every song that green desert made all
put into a rock band drum solos and
guitars and bass and singing them
obviously so a great thing about this is
that I'm a massive Green Day if
you don't know me from previous times on
YouTube a lot of my subscribers know I'm
pretty much a GU - I mean Green Day bad
so yeah this was pretty awesome to
actually get this I I've had guitar I
had guitar here a while - I I still have
it but I have the drum kit and all that
sort of stuff and the guitars and that
sort stuff I've been Guitar Hero for so
long
rock band here in Australia is not very
popular and anything Harmonix in terms
of rock band the instrumental kids
whatever they're actually not very
popular only Activision Guitar Hero is
like the main thing here so let's take a
look at it so this is pretty much it
basically get an instruction manual it
basically tells you you know all the
different songs and stuff like that in
there how the drum kit works stuff like
that
that's nothing really that's interesting
and plus you get your green day rock
band blu-ray disc and that's pretty much
it guys there's one other thing I'm
actually going to show you as well that
came free actually with this game as my
as a special deal let me just show you
this now all right here's
the other thing guys I pretty much got
the rock band instrumental kit given to
me free for this one so pretty much only
I got obviously Greendale rock band also
got the actual kit and now I know this
is the I'm fully aware that this is the
rock band 1 kit pretty much rock band 2
pretty much never made it to Australia
because of the because of the failure of
rock band in Australia
pretty much minimal rock bands sold in
Australia because of Guitar Hero was
pretty much the first thing that came
out before rock band did here in
Australia we had to wait I think 13
months before rock band actually made it
to Australia after its release in the US
so by then Guitar Hero World Tour was
out way before
uh-hum rock band made it to Australia so
that was pretty bad so anyway let's um
open this up I've never really seen
anything in terms of rock band I do have
a I do have a my obviously my World Tour
drum kit as you can see that it's a bit
broken in some places but when the drum
sticks up
but yeah it's working and also stuff but
a bit battered so let's open this bad
boy up
okay and cause I'm using a screwdriver
we go we have a you we have a warranty
pink slip there you go
the shrine in New Zealand really right
so let's pick her out so what we got
here first our town microphone that big
surprise that you've got obviously the
guitar I'm not actually going to use
that but it's always good to have a
handy month
first things first all the components as
the pedal feels a lot sturdier than the
certainly the world tour one that's for
sure it's a lot sturdier that one all
right some stainless Lee supports and
the drumsticks grippy the other supports
obviously some instructions manual thing
for the PlayStation 3 looks like it so
it's not Wireless like the well - one is
alright so yeah there's a quick unboxing
of it basically guys yeah see you later
and there we have it guys the finished
product this is the rock band one drum
kit brand-new for the ps3 and there is
the Guitar Hero World Tour drum kit that
I got back in 2008
so they do two side by side
brilliant